Update Guidelines to Disciplinary Incidents (#474)
thewca/wca-documents: edudoc/guidelines-for-disciplinary-incidents/guidelines-for-disciplinary-incidents.md

-  If a WCA Volunteer violates or is strongly suspected to violate the Code of Conduct or Code of Ethics, report the instance directly to the WIC.
- The WIC will evaluate if a further investigation is needed beyond intervention by a superior.
- Ensure the WIC is also the correct team to contact. The WCA Quality Assurance Committee or the WCA Regulations Committee may be a more appropriate point of contact for some concerns.
- Reports must not be included in Delegate Reports, even if the information is anonymized.
- If you need to report a violation of the [Code of Conduct](wcadoc{documents/Code%20of%20Conduct.pdf}) or [Code of Ethics](wcadoc{documents/Code%20of%20Ethics.pdf}) of a WCA Volunteer who is a member of the WIC, report this behavior to the WCA Appeals Committee at [appeals@worldcubeassociation.org](mailto:appeals@worldcubeassociation.org).
- If you need to report a violation of the [Code of Conduct](wcadoc{documents/Code%20of%20Conduct.pdf}) or [Code of Ethics](wcadoc{documents/Code%20of%20Ethics.pdf}) of a WCA Board Member, it's recommended to contact the [WIC Leader and Senior Members](https://www.worldcubeassociation.org/teams-committees-councils#wic) directly.

> There may be times when a concern or complaint doesn’t clearly fall under any specific team. It might be outside the WIC’s scope, require general mediation, or feel too minor to submit as a formal report (but still important enough not to ignore). In these cases, contacting the Volunteer’s direct superior can be a useful middle-ground approach. For general reference of these kinds of discussions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may be times when a concern or complaint doesn’t clearly fall under any specific team. It might be outside the WIC’s scope, require general mediation, or feel too minor to submit as a formal report (but still important enough not to ignore). In these cases, contacting the Volunteer’s direct superior can be a useful middle-ground approach. For general reference of these hierarchies:
```
